hello today we are with you
braid fishtail or as it is called
spikelet
divide hair into two equal strands you
turned out big left and big
right strand
separate part of the hair from the left strand and
attach it to the big right strand
now separate and part of the hair from the right
strand and attach it to the big left
strands again separate part of the hair from
left strand and shift it to the right
arm to the right strand
separate the part of the hair from the right strand and
we shift it in the left hand to the left
strands
separate the order
and shift it to the right strand
separate the next order and
we shift it to the left strand
separating part of the hair from the left again
strands and shift it in the right hand to
right strand
separate the part of the hair from the right strand and
shift it to the left strand in the left
arm so we continue to weave
farther as you see we separate
alternately part of the hair from each strand
side and just attach it to
the opposite of the big period
principle of weaving spit spit or like me
Looking for calls fishtail if understood
the principle of weaving that braid weaves very
just and so we weave to the very end
fix weaving rezinochki
hair our braid fish tail
ready for this all thanks for watching and
until next time
until